
Hello everyone, i'm ps of TPOLM, how is your outline 2021 experience going so far?

Done with all the golf cart tracks on Sofaworld?

Is your refrigerator running out of cold beers and snacks?

Does your brain feel like potato mush from using too much shaderboi?

Well, fear not, couz i have the perfect thing for you!!!

Heavily inspired by lug00ber's Revision 2021 bingo DJ set, developed in deep secrecy for dozens of years!

Accutely tuned to the ultimate Outline dutch Atari demoscene enthusiast i bring you,

The Outline 2021 crosswords challenge!

Yes, you heard it correctly, crosswords, the classic New York Journal puzzle game reknown for it's brain-fit benefits

Now available in a special custom order at this website right here.

Our developers spent countless hours researching the best crossword maker products on the market.

Custom building special new versions that allow the use of numbers, using a horrible tool no Atari developer should ever have to face, Microsoft Visual Studio.

Extracting the finest most exquisit obscure data from countless (well, 17) previous editions of Outline, productions names, group acronyms, random Outline participant nickanames,

these are the words you can expect to find in this special Outline 2021 Crossword challenge.

But wait, there is more, not only that, we also packed it full of references to the different atari models and series, 6502 opcodes, classic Atari trivia information,
everything that only you, the common Outline Atari junkie could possibly ever have heard of.

Struggle for hours on end googling the extremly vague and subjective descriptions hand written and thoroughly revised by a team of excellent dedicated professionals (me)

And that's not all! Not only did we create this amazing Outline 2021 Crosswords Challenge but since atari knows no limitations we went beyond the standard paper format
and bring the complete and personalized experience to your living room home computer (or desktop, or laptop, or mobile phone, whatever you're using to browse into the future)
all of this using the traditional atari workbench look and feel of horrible 00E000 green color and DFDFDF white background.

Make no mistake, completing this challenge will change your life.

And not only that, the first 3 people who send us screenshot proof of correctly completing this crossword challenge will be forever immortalized as giant atari nerds by being listed on the website itself!

Start cracking that challenge, i anxiously await your submissions!

Outline organizers, you may end the outline 2021 wild compo now, you have found your winner.

Remember to stay atari everyone ... and don't forget to come to inércia demoparty 2005